MTA-5305 Release Notes for 7.3.2 (#168)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-rn-technical-changes-7-3-2.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * docs/release_notes-7.0/master.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="mta-rn-technical-changes-7-3-2_{context}"]

> = Technical changes

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the naming here...we don't have anything on that for the Release notes in our guidelines, if I'm not mistaken. The note you have here is rather a deprecation notice, which I'd rather document in the Deprecated features section. "Technical changes" is a bit unclear and doesn't convey the right meaning. See our SSG Guidelines:

[Deprecated and removed features](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#deprecated-and-removed-features)

Documenting the deprecation and removal stages of software features requires careful and precise communication. Highlight the following **stages** to users:

* Plan to deprecate
* Deprecate
* Plan to remove
* Remove

When alternatives to or workarounds for deprecated features are available, clearly inform users about them.

Thus, I suggest renaming the section to Deprecated features.

The following technical changes have been made in {ProductFullName} 7.3.2:

> * The Eclipse IDE plugin for {ProductShortName} is available till 7.3.2. The plugin will be deprecated in future releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The Eclipse IDE plugin for {ProductShortName} is available up to 7.3.2 version of the product. The plugin will be deprecated in future releases.
```

> * The Eclipse IDE plugin for {ProductShortName} is available up to 7.3.2 release. The plugin will be deprecated in future releases.

Reviewer: IBM SG: `plug-in`. Also, used some RN wording guidance from the RH SSG.

```suggestion
* The Eclipse IDE plug-in for {ProductShortName} is available up to {ProductShortName} version 7.3.2. The plug-in is planned be deprecated in future releases.
```
